Adding a FAQs for upcoming account changes (#2535)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Project/delete-a-project.md

---

> title: How do I delete a project

Author: ```suggestion
title: How do I delete a project?
```

> title: How do I delete a project?

Reviewer: do we have steps for this for core users? if so, i think it would make sense to add it here too and have a core and cloud section. however if the audience is specifically for cloud users, i suggest clarifying it in the title so the user is aware from the get go.

```suggestion
title: How do I delete a project in dbt Cloud?
```

description: "Deleting a project in dbt Cloud"
sidebar_label: 'How to delete a project'
id: delete-a-project

---

> From the cloud console, navigate to the settings icon and select **Account Settings**

Reviewer: suggestion steps for this

```suggestion
From the cloud console:
1. Navigate to the settings icon and select **Account Settings**
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/Navigate To Account Settings.png" title="Navigate to account settings" />

> In the **Projects** pane, select the project to delete.  Select the edit icon in the lower right hand corner. Once in edit mode, a **Delete** option will appear on the left hand side of the project information pane. Selecte **Delete** and then confirm the action.  Note that on the confirmation screen there will be no account password prompt, the project will be deleted immediately after confirmation. 

Reviewer: suggestion steps for this

```suggestion
2. In the **Projects** pane, select the project to delete.  
3. Select the edit icon in the lower right-hand corner. Once in edit mode, a **Delete** option will appear on the left-hand side of the project information pane. 
4. Select **Delete** and then confirm the action.  
  * Note that on the confirmation screen there will be no account password prompt, and the project will be deleted immediately after confirmation.  Once you delete a project, this action cannot be reversed. 
```

---
title: How do I delete a project in dbt Cloud?
description: "Deleting a project in dbt Cloud"
sidebar_label: 'How to delete a project'
id: delete-a-project

---

> This article outlines the steps for deleting a project in dbt Cloud. The action can only be performed by the account owner or an admin. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To delete a project in dbt Cloud, you must be the account owner or have admin privileges. 
```

Reviewer 2: sugg: conciseness

1. From dbt Cloud, click the gear icon at the top right corner and select **Account Settings**.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/Navigate To Account Settings.png" title="Navigate to account settings" />

> 2. From the **Projects** page, click the project to delete.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. In **Account Settings**, select **Projects**. Click the project you want to delete from the **Projects** page.
```

> 3. Click the edit icon in the lower right-hand corner of the project pane. Once in edit mode, a **Delete** option will appear on the left side of the same pane. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Click the edit icon in the lower right-hand corner of the **Project Details**. A **Delete** option will appear on the left side of the same details view. 
```

> 4. Select **Delete** and then confirm the action. There will be no account password prompt, and the project will be deleted immediately after confirmation.  Once a project is deleted, this action cannot be undone. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Select **Delete**. Confirm the action to immediately delete the user without additional password prompts. There will be no account password prompt, and the project is deleted immediately after confirmation.  Once a project is deleted, this action cannot be undone. 
```

---
title: How do I delete a project in dbt Cloud?
description: "Deleting a project in dbt Cloud"
sidebar_label: 'How to delete a project'
id: delete-a-project

---

From the cloud console:
1. Navigate to the settings icon and select **Account Settings**

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/Navigate To Account Settings.png" title="Navigate to account settings" />

2. In the **Projects** pane, select the project to delete.  
3. Select the edit icon in the lower right-hand corner. Once in edit mode, a **Delete** option will appear on the left-hand side of the project information pane. 
4. Select **Delete** and then confirm the action.  

>   * Note that on the confirmation screen there will be no account password prompt, and the project will be deleted immediately after confirmation.  Once you delete a project, this action cannot be reversed. 

Author: ```suggestion
  * Note that on the confirmation screen there will be no account password prompt, and the project will be deleted immediately after confirmation.  Once you delete a project, this action cannot be undone. 
```
